Indicate custom versions are used for ejb-http-client artifact. (#691)
payara/Payara-Server-Documentation: documentation/payara-server/ejb/lite-remote-ejb.adoc

    <version>{currentVersion}</version>
</dependency>
----
This artifact requires a patched version of the Jersey client which is pulled intransitive. This patched version is available within our [Payara Patched Project repository](https://github.com/payara/Payara_PatchedProjects).

> The Maven repository definition is present in the pom.xml file of the `ejb-http-client` artifact. However, when you are dependencies are managed by a Company Nexus, for example, you might need to update it to refer to the Payara Patched Project repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Maven repository definition is present in the pom.xml file of the `ejb-http-client` artifact. However, when your dependencies are managed by a Company Nexus, for example, you might need to update it to refer to the Payara Patched Project repository.
```

> Also, have a look at the BOM feature so that versions can be defined more consistently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, we recommend having a look at the BOM feature so that versions can be defined more consistently.
```
